all right so I'm gonna get a chance to
test out the Honda CBR 650f brand new
bike you're gonna take it for a short
spin you joined us on our group ride so
whoa
ah that's where the clutches
my bet
Oh things got juice
good turn it
a little slower than the 300 men still
turns in nice
holds the line well
all right and pick this turn and I'll
turn around
right
yeah that's nice holds a line well
the retires
that feel more stable
suspension feels a little bouncier than
mine
not really sure where to put my butt on
the seat
right now I'm
balls to the tank
the way out I went a little bit I slid
way back
I love that punch out of the corner I
don't have that
like I've been past this are there
the effortless speed it's nice Bentham's
very smooth clutch engagements way out
there that's the main problem I have of
the sink but it was nice
it feels good man it's the effortless
power it's a big difference I know I've
been a few but no that's great I mean I
wasn't really sure where to put my bread
at one point I was way back here I could
feel this thing and then I put it kind
of here just to feel what that was like
it's different it's definitely different
where you are but both work and it holds
a line really well I like that it's uh
it's comfortable yeah it's good choice
oh yeah no I'll post it it's great yeah
this was fun
thanks for the it's just yeah I think I
had the same problem space pot had the
clutch was so far out I didn't expect
that's why I stalled it yeah you
couldn't you can change it a little bit
here but uh or of course you can get the
adjustable is kind of thing well that's
cool
feel good though